**Interactive Observation**

It took me a while to find something interactive on campus other than the mainstream “interactive” projects that are literally done by interactive media students around the Arts Center. I first thought of observing the piano stairs where you hear piano sounds whenever you move to a different step. However, I noticed that it does not exist anymore so I can't observe it further. Instead, I decided to observe the atmospheric water dispenser and the user interactions. Even though the instructions for pouring water are written on top of the dispenser, it is not shown in a very clear way and so not everyone is able to understand and use it.

For the water to start running, the user should do a long tap pn the “water” touch button; unclickable. However, you know it is working because it does a sound so you hear what is going on. You need to keep your finger for a few seconds before the water starts flowing. The interaction however is not as quick as it is supposed to be, as it says that it takes 2-4 seconds before the water starts to flow, but instead it may take 10 seconds even if not more. Not only that, but if your finger slips for a second for example, you would have to tap and wait again. Another thing I realized is that the water flows very slowly, and this could be due to a lack of water as it may not be easily collected from the atmosphere. Another reason could be because, as written in the instructions manual, the water should be consumed within 24 hours since it was dispensed and so it may be done that way to minimize the user’s usage.  
